
/* 
Create buttons in an html file - the buttons should be 200 x 200, grey in color, text is white, make the font size larger.

They may line up on top of each other.


Grab the elements you need, you may do it all at the top or in each of your exercises 
we need buttons, paragraphs... 
or you may do it as you hit your exercises
*/



/* 
Button 1:
Place a paragraph under the first button; create a function for changing a paragraph to a different color - what attribute have we been using 
to change colors?  
Use your attribute methods.
You need to create something in the css too - what is it?

You need to grab the button, grab the paragraph - by WHAT attribute???

Then we create the function 
Use the event handler for this button  

*/




/* 
Button 2:
Create JSON notation for three restaurants: Wendy's, Moes, and Chic-Fil-A (in that order)
In the JSON refer to their full name, your favorite item from that restaraurant and the calories 
Your JSON should be one object with three objects inside.
 
Create a function that when the second button is clicked the Chick-Fil-A information 
will show up under the button.  Formatted nicely like the instructor's project...
Use the listener for this button
*/


/* 
Button 3:
Create a simple array of city names: Raleigh, Washington D.C., Miami, Columbia, and Atlanta - in that order
inside of an object (you must name the array)

When someone clicks the third button, loop through all of the names and display them one by one in a pop up
when the loop gets to Columbia, pop up "is Famously HOT!" next to Columbia, and Go Falcons next to Atlanta

You may choose your own way to make the function call

 */

/*
Create a small form at the bottom.  Use the proper fields (do not use a "button" but make it look like the other buttons).
Label the button "Spaghetti?"  
If a user enters in the word Spaghetti into the field
 - a paragraph shows under the final box that says "That's my dog's name too!"
Stop the submit no matter what the user enters.


Try to Convert any of the functions into a method and update the function call with the method name.  
Do this VERY last - make the functions work first


 */

